# Team Webpage Generator

A command-line application to generate a professional-looking webpage that tells about your team and each member.

## Table of Contents

- [Description](#Description)

- [Usage Guide](#Usage-Guide)

- [Demonstation](#Demonstation)

- [Future Development](#Future-Development)

## Description

This webpage generator uses npm Inquirer to prompt the user a series of questions that allow the user to input data for a single manager and any amount of engineers and/or interns without worrying about formatting, placement, or webpage style. Some final manipulation of the webpage may be necessary to insert pictures of team members and add any other relevant sections that are not included. The generator automatically makes a card for each employee so that their information is all contained in a single simple-to-understand area.

## Usage Guide

Be sure to install all of the dependencies. To do this, navigate in your terminal to the folder that holds the team webpage generator files and type:

```bash
npm i
```

Once those are installed, simply run the program by typing:

```bash
node app.js
```

The program should prompt for answers with relevant questions. The manager will appear first, then all engineers, then interns. Interns and engineers will be listed in order that they are inputed, with the exception that all engineers will appear before any interns. Once finished inputting employees, simply select the 'Don't add any more employees and generate my webpage!' option. Finally, an option to name your webpage something other than team.html will be prompted to the user, after which the webpage will be generated in the output folder.

## Demonstration

There are two example READMEs that were generated with the app in the "examples" folder that comes with the application. The name was changed after generation for the 'PW_Generator_README.md' file. The other file, titled 'README.&#xfeff;md' will be overwritten with the README generated by the user if they choose to do so. A video of the second file's creation can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RMpsmWm1UsJZq887cG69TR2yLIQr64ay/view).

## Future Development

This project was done as a homework assignment. It may be refined in the future to convert it from command-line code into something more user-friendly, but I currently have a full plate and there is no timeline available for these changes, if they ever even occur.
